it starts running here too
work or when they are rotated already
after eight in the evening after 20 00
poured a new group have in the ground and
in half an hour our position begins
somehow could characterize here that
they do it their some kind of fun
or is it their order maybe there
provoke and so on again they so
openly shoot and every day our
them it is orders can not you well
so they are not sane people that is for
them fun
try to kill leave begging
entire cities and towns to rob
looting it turns out so this
their national is already what national
customs
dill tradition on tradition but im
apparently not only that grandfathers raked
full
45 and directors they did not win our
grandfathers
we go there we do it for them before our
grandfathers bring the case to the end of the test test
two days ago here ahead
an ambush we gave him a group with a rotation
came out and processed us 17 on
tweaked there is also an installation together
on the cliff and bye for our work
the club commander led away to Zelenka together
remained
we worked on them while our people
rotation comes to go out
rotation began to enter their mortars
shot they left
rotation meet their guys rotation
here higher here minutes like us so
leave here guys
she hung his callsign please
Asian and where did I affect
the experience is probably already rich in combat
met with volunteers here in Kazakhstan
many have seen in 1 order no online
divisions are generally cool and us
storms will hardly eat me cocked all
our
now does not support of course I understand
just finish the job which is our family
care
a lot of factors a day
factors that I think now
slowly catching up
maintain i think the dimension is the season
is open
Now I am looking for a job
any happy plan we will go